# What makes us think like everybody else? - A Consumer psychology perspective
This is one of the crucial parts of consumer psychology, as its core works on making people think in the same direction, running towards one product, and achieving harmony in looking and feeling alike.

So, what is this one thing that can intrude into people’s individual differences and make them think alike? Yes, you guessed it right! It is human drives. Key psychological factors that influence consumer behaviours are motivation, attitudes, perception, beliefs, and conditional learning. Most of these traits are intrinsic and cannot be directly altered by a persuasive advertisement featuring smiling faces or a catchy tagline. For instance, I am not a big fan of fine dining. So, in short, exquisite dining experiences unaffect me and do not drive me to spend money on fancy restaurants as much as others do. Now the real question is, how can you, as a marketer, make me spend on it?

Although individuals are hardwired in unique ways, there are a few _universally-adapted_ instinctual behaviors that are innate, automatic, and are driven by survival needs. Therefore, before introducing a product or service, it is important to study the nature of the product and the motives that drive buying behaviours. The most important feature of the consumer environment is the _all-encompassing value_ that buying is not just a necessary activity but a universally attractive and highly approved way of behaving; a _good-in-itself_, as philosophers would put it. 

That is how luxury services came into the market, and if it can produce a higher standard of living, then what could possibly be wrong with it? However, luxury goods do not directly tap into survival needs; hence, factors like economic conditions and individual preferences play a major role in their consumption. Associating luxury services with **_essential-to-live motives_** can be an effective marketing strategy. For instance, associating party supplies with family and social gatherings can reinforce survival needs like **_social status, social identity formation, belongingness, reproduction,_** and so on. Also, it could boost one’s self-esteem and promote mental well-being, thereby addressing the distress associated with uncontainable external factors. Haven’t you heard of retail therapy, emotional spending, and shopping cart relief as a coping mechanism?

Services like fine dining are intended to have more consumption as income rises and vice versa. Hence, they should be designed in such a way that they **_appear-NOT-to-be_** a luxury product. Marketing a luxury product with the most **_evidently-consumable_** attributes of the product (traditional way) is the biggest error that researchers can make.
